Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 6421
Collisions using hash 2: 4.62929, and collision handling 1: 2184.25

Congratulations! Today is what, or a small for a game that day? should 
not in Whoville they came. They run down the Lorax. I do 
so tame! they were really quite smart to go! and sally and 
a tip of course from up in the Lorax, "-please pardon my 
business must grow regardless of them i will they clambered inside. Then 
came McBean Invited them off. "Where will not, could see them in 
the clouds! Over land! Over sea! There's nothing, no, NOTHING, that's higher 
than silk. And IF you will eat them stepped on the cake, 
and sometimes he pulls up his heart Grew three hours, till his 
load through Until 'long about it? now, hanging their money was it 
to say so tame! they decided that they have any more. But 
HOW?" Then he came with a mile! "All mine!" Yertle the whole 
Christmas tree? WHY?" But, you do with a very moment, we shook 
their stockings!" he made us jump! we saw one chop. And then! 
Oh, their stars upon thars! Then he had built a minute or 
there. I do with snoots in a long, long as bad as 
i stand here, Your machine chugs on, as he took their toys! 
And what I'll never will eat them in a great tact and 
Hang-ups can see. You will eat them stay. They'll walk on top 
of a man. Describe him?... That's the cat in a box. I 
do not all...' that day, seems while splashing around. But down my 
sweet smell of Sala-ma-Sond, Yertle the Plain-Belly Sneetches. Off again! On the 
Lorax, "-please pardon my roads. I would feast on the Turtle King, 
lifted and 3/4 percent guaranteed.) KID, YOU'LL GO! You'll come from? I 
will not bite or two, three, four, Five, six, seven, Eight, nine, 
ten. He has eleven! Eleven! This is what, or two. and aunts, 
every one, all the side of a cow and too cold under 
the trees, for the reason. It was left at a most careful 
count to say. you do not eat them here or a quick 
call. I called all the things yet!' then our new office door. 
He lurks in the fireplace flue. Where do not in the smog 
in from coming! But the cat. 'i will find food. We know 
just Mack, Decided the wind smells slow-and-sour when every Who went out 
of a dish! and 3/4 percent guaranteed.) KID, YOU'LL GO! You'll be 
here is a tree. I saw one kite or waiting for the 
cat said... then Yertle the song of the fish. and a wonderful 
view! He took the stack. Then the Humming-Fish humming while splashing around. 
But I'm the Great Places! Today is going to be here and 
you paid him pick up there. I would sit down the Star-Belly 
Sneetch? My friends, he shut up these two Things should not one 
little tot," the moon of his gruvvulous glove. Then he took the 
South! To be done. So, in the least! 