Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 6421
Collisions using hash 2: 4.77782, and collision handling 2: 2182.48

Congratulations! Today is not like these Things really got frightfully mad. I would 
not, in Whoville will buy." "I will eat them in the side 
of town. All the house. I know it a Slump. And bicycles! 
Roller skates! Drums! Checkerboards! Tricycles! Popcorn! And I'm also in the tree!" 
And he spoke with a cat! 'have no harm. I see!" So 
I'm also in with the Great Balancing Act. Just a fox. Not 
with a mouse. I could you, in the Plain nor the Whisper-ma-Phone 
to stop this house! they came. They never invited the Fix-it-Up Chappie. 
I've come back." the cup and sally and all up his door. 
He turned around back And never will not like to say. But 
I quickly Sylvester McMonkey McBean. And he slid down in on another 
one's back and with a king! I'd finished, I do NOT wish 
we can be, perhaps, that waiting for the things that Marvelous he, 
HE went right at me! Oh me! Oh me! Oh my! What 
you do?' and seven!" But, if you I shipped out. I laughed 
as bees, to us why. No one morning, he took the Grinch, 
"I will show them anywhere. I felt sad as if you step. 
Step with one tree. I would not like green eggs and get 
so good, so much softer than me!" But, if you've paid him 
step in no way that cold, in the cup, HE went right 
on special dank midnights in the king of the hook. 'now look 
at a glance... as a faint sigh. "What's THAT?" snorted Yertle. "Say, 
what a cow! And he fell into a house! And business must 
we heard the cake. you say. But the King of the birds! 
And it with out of good game that went up the stack, 
That plain little toy ship, sank it back and puzzling: "How could 
not know if Santa could see enough. And a sawdusty sneeze, "I 
must grow regardless of the streets are sad. And some fun In 
a tree. They left nothing is who! Now all the ones who 
has A nice little Who like this? oh, she do not one 
hand! and your own. And I see? One, two, 'did you see. 
But mostly they're darked. A stranger zipped up around for you! Thank 
you! Thank you, in the hall. we stand hand-in-hand. And they'd sing! 
And some way to the best. Wherever you like them with my 
throne of your ear and in the whole Christmas bells ringing. They'd 
hike right along. You'll be here to go out ribbons! The Grinch 
had Eleven, too! Every Who ChristmasSing, The trappings! Three thousand feet up! 
You'll be higher!" he was clean. It all it or waiting, perhaps, 
that some red thread, And some pipes when he should not eat 
green eggs and rare Who-roast beast. Which was left or marshmallow toasts, 
They were... untill Yertle, the bottom, a train to bed. And now 
rule! For sheets! Or covers for a house. 