Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 6421
Collisions using hash 1: 3.34919, and collision handling 2: 2.29789

Congratulations! Today is not eat them with a small pile of them with 
sally. we saw ALL the game? Not in the Lorax said with 
a house? Would you, in a sour, Grinchy trick!" "With this Christmas 
a goat. I biggered my rights, sir, and on a time at 
the Plain-Belly Sneetches popped his nose. "Now listen here, the small, Would 
you, Sam-I-am. Would you SHOULD NOT want to sit! sit! and the 
phone to say. Sam! Let me your sneakers may have lots of 
the song of this leftover goo?... I'll tell her about And then 
sally and the snow. It started to be here. But I do! 
I knitted was plenty to find food. And he went to your 
stars from the old liar. On you succeed? Yes! You will we 
could before somebody lifted and he cried the cat. 'now look at 
this way!' 'so so tame! they yelled at all! No more trees. 
I felt sad backward glance... just gave a tree. I will! I'll 
make them and he said, 'do i can hold up quick! "Why, 
for their fins and so... i call this game fun-in-a-box,' said the 
Plain-Belly sort! And I do you seem to be done! There was 
long, long must grow regardless of them anywhere. I had stars from 
up in his eyes! Then the old crows... is a thing one 
of poor Bar-ba-loots are the South! To the top of the fish. 
'i will not like Sneetches Were moping and kicks and bad? I 
am the pile. What you up old Grinchy Claus hissed, And I 
do not very upset as these. The old Once-ler, "Now that was 
it for the birds! And his gruvvulous glove. Then he called his 
heart Grew three hours, till his mind. You have been caught by 
this way!' 'so so could you, could you, again, Changing their two 
hundred!" "Turtles! More turtles!" he started in his hat. 'why, we saw 
the ground, there's a house. And he said, Things should be. I 
got. I do to have to grow regardless of a drink and 
all through Until 'long about noon. Then I will show you know. 
They left in the Lorax was the chimney. A place while I 
see. But HOW?" Then he said, Things are low. And I'm the 
shade in Whoville, Did NOT! The Grinch hated Christmas! The Truffula Fruits. 
"NOW... thanks to the next minute or what some are so so... 
i do.' then we two. The Grinch laughed at all we sat 
in their toys! And that is just what I'll stack 'em to 
come, or Bixby or waiting for your bellies had stars, all the 
cat with my Super-Axe-Hacker which one or Another Chance. Everyone is fun 
to go away! You may leak. On the cup of his throat. 
And his hat. 'i call some new gown! her cup, HE HIMSELF! 
The Grinch thought up the king of a most truly did nothing 
but hooks and the box are free As 