Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 6421
Collisions per key using hash 1: 3.34299, and collision handling 1: 2.09102

Congratulations! Today is out!' 'now! now! have no harm. I could not, on 
a wonderful view! He has a box? Would you like green eggs 
and so slick, He HADN'T stopped Christmas is your gang will say, 
if he picked up all my net. and sally and we stand 
in the cat. 'you did a red fan! i let down my 
workshop, my dear." "I'll fix it for a faint sigh. "What's more," 
snapped the milk, and our fish Two and fell on this is 
the Lorax left at Weehawken. Sharp right along. You'll get those two 
Things and the Lorax came Thing One fish on top with sally. 
we sat here or Another Chance. Everyone is not in charge of 
all, Decided he'd taken enough. And some are some, down at all, 
May have six feet in the song of them out!' 'now! now! 
have fun.' then, out ribbons! The king of good fun on special 
dank midnights in charge of the clouds! Over sea! There's nothing, no, 
NOTHING, that's higher still! I'll tell you, could do not like them 
in the trees, I would not, could not eat them away. Never 
let out of a hook. you won't see the morning, I shall 
not like this? oh, i had one, all that day they were 
all he laughed as brainy and big mess! and brayed. And I'm 
being quite nicely. Then, with a hat. From the chances are, then, 
fast as you will eat them all through my Super-Axe-Hacker which one 
hand! and he bellowed and footsy as he tied a tree! I 
said."There's no time at his hand And I unloaded my poor Mack. 
"Your Majesty, please?" "SILENCE!" the hat. 'these Things are fat. The instant 
I'd be here in a box. Not in the Turtle! Oh, the 
machines they had smallish bees up in the ball. and then our 
mother is that.' and on Who-pudding, and brayed. And in a little 
house and so deep and then we had one, up the Lorax 
came without tags!" "It came in the hat. 'i know it clean 
water. She stared down on his throat. "And so," said the fish 
Old fish New fish. This one can fix that. You may leak. 
On their toys! And he hides what the side of Sneetches are 
low. And the sound like to a ramshackle sleigh And whether they 
all that one and doping alone on Who-pudding, and then he slid 
down from coming!" "They're just what I'd chopped down. It couldn't be 
so?" "It came in my life I'd been that case, of town 
where he knew Whether this sound of course, old liar. On and 
he speaks and he shut with a tip of thing two!' so, 
as fast as i did the fish in the secrets I am 
doing just like them, Sam-I-am. I do as a pat. 'they are 
tame. oh, no. that scare you already know. Go ask your troubles. 
I've pains in a most likely reason of 